docs: Explain Rust sync client usage (#13264)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/_snippets/install-rust.mdx

```rust
let client = posthog_rs::client(env!("<ph_project_api_key>"));
```

### Sync client

Our Rust SDK supports both synchronous and asynchronous clients. The asynchronous client is the default and is recommended for most use cases.

> If you need to use a synchronous client instead - like we do in our [CLI](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/tree/master/cli) -, you can opt into it by disabling the asynchronous feature on your `Cargo.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use a blocking client instead - like we do in our [CLI](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/tree/master/cli) - you can opt into it by disabling default features, which will disabled the `async-client` feature.
```

```toml
[dependencies]
posthog-rs = { version = "0.3.5", default-features = false }
```

> You can continue to use the client as you would normally with the exception that the client will now be synchronous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In blocking mode, calls to `capture` and related methods will block until the PostHog event capture API returns - generally this is on the order of tens of milliseconds, but you may want to `thread::spawn` a background thread when you send an event.
```
